these days,people who do manual work (ofter) recieve far more money than people (who) work in office(s).
people who work in office(s) (are) frenque(n)tly  refer(r)ed to as 'white-collar workers' for the simple
reason that they (usually) wear (a) collar and lie (to) go to work.such is human nature,(that) a great many people are
(ofter) willing (to) sacrifice high(er) pay for the priviledge of (becomeing) 'white-collar workers'.this can (give) rise to 
curious situations,(as) it did in the case of Alfed Bloggs who (worked as) a dustman for (the) Emlsmere
corporation.
when he (got) married,(Alf) was too embarrassed to (say anything to) his wife about his job.(he simply told her that he worked for the corporation).every moning,he
left home dressed in (a) smart black suit.(he) then changed into overalls and spent (the) next eight hours as a 
dustman.(before returning home at night),he took a shower and changed back into (his) suit.(Alf did this for over two years and) he fellow dustmen kept (his) 
secret,Alf's wife has never discovered (that she married a dustman) and she never will,for Alf (has just) found another job,he will (soon be) working
in (an) office . he will (be) earning (only) half as much as he used to.(but) he (feels that his rise in status is well worth the loss of money). 
(From now no,he will wear a) suit all day and others will call him 'MRS Bloggs' ,not 'Alf'






These days, people who do manual work often receive far more money than people who work in offices.
 People who work in offices are frequently referred to as "white-collar workers' for the simple 
 reason that they usually wear a collar and tie to go to work. Such is human nature, that a great many people are 
 often willing to sacrifice higher pay for the privilege of becoming white-collar workers. This can give rise to 
 curious situations, as it did in the case of Alfred Bloggs who worked as a dustman for the Ellesmere 
 Corporation.
When he got married, Alf was too embarrassed to say anything to his wife about his job. He 
simply told her that he worked for the Corporation. Every morning, he left home dressed in a smart black suit. He then changed into overalls and spent the next eight hours as a 
dustman. Before returning home at night. He took a shower and changed back into his suit. Alf did this for over two years and his fellow dustmen kept his secret Alf's wife has never discovered that she married a dustman and she never will, for Alf has just found another job. He will soon be working 
in an office. He will 
be earning only half as much as he used to, but he feels that his rise in status is well worth the loss of money. From now on, he will wear a suit all day and others will call him 'Mr. Bloggs', not 'Alf'.