our vicar is always raising money for one cause or another.but(he has) never(managed to get)  enough money to 
have the church clock repaired.the big clock which (used to) strike the hours day and 
night was damaged many years age and has been silent ever since.
one night,however,(our) vicar woke up with a start:the clock was striking the (hours).
(looking) at his watch,(he saw that)it was o'clock,but the (bell) (struck) thirteen times before it stoped.
armed with a torch,(the vicar) went up into  the clock tower to see what was going go.in the torchlight,
he caught sight of a figure (who he) immediately recogenised as bill willins,our local grocer.
'whatever are you doing up here? bill'asked the vicar (in surprise).
'i am (tring to repair) the bell' answer bill,'i have been (coming up) here night after night for
weeks (now).(you see),i was hoping to give you a surprise.'
'you certernly did give me a surprise',said the vicar,'you'v probably woken up everyone in the village (as well)'
still,i'am glad the bell is working again.
'that is the trouble, vicar' answered bill,'it is working (all) right,but (i'm afraid that) at one o'clock,it will strike
thirteen times (and there's nothing i can do about it).
'we will (get) used to that .bill' said the vicar,(thirteen is not as good as one,but it's better than nothing) (now)'let's go downstairs and have a cup of tea.'


作文：
a sticky business
it is in a small village,in the center of the village,there is a church.the people in the village can hear
the church clock striking the hours day and night.one day,the church clock suddenly stopped,and people could 
not used to it.it is too strange that no one can explain it.
the vicar in the church wanted to see what's the clock going on.he climbed into the clock tower and found that
the clock had been invaded by bees.the clock was full of honey and wax.
the vicar told people who were in the village the truth.and they can do nothing about it.finally,
they invated a bee keeper to solute the trouble.the bee keeper remove the queen bee,than,the other bees followed
it.and vicar get the honey and wax down from the clock.in the end,the clock which was clearn working again.